docs: remove toc and reduce api ref heading (#17102)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/input.md

> title: "Input"

Reviewer: Some ideas: "Interacting with the page", "Performing actions", "Input elements".

---

> Run tests on HTML Input elements such as text inputs, checkboxes, radio buttons, select options, mouse clicks, type characters, keys and shortcuts as well as upload files and focus elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Playwright can interact with HTML Input elements such as text inputs, checkboxes, radio buttons, select options, mouse clicks, type characters, keys and shortcuts as well as upload files and focus elements.
```

## Text input

> This is the easiest way to fill out the form fields. It focuses the element and triggers an `input` event with the entered text. It works for `<input>`, `<textarea>`, `[contenteditable]` and `<label>` associated with an input or textarea.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using [`method: Locator.fill`] is the easiest way to fill out the form fields. It focuses the element and triggers an `input` event with the entered text. It works for `<input>`, `<textarea>`, `[contenteditable]` and `<label>` associated with an input or textarea.
```

await page.Locator("text=First Name").FillAsync("Peter");
```

#### API reference

- [`method: Locator.fill`]
- [`method: Page.fill`]
- [`method: Frame.fill`]

## Checkboxes and radio buttons

> 

Reviewer: "Using [`method: Locator.setChecked`] is the easiest ...."

- [`method: Page.isChecked`]
- [`method: Page.uncheck`]

## Select options

> Selects one or multiple options in the `<select>` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selects one or multiple options in the `<select>` element with [`method: Locator.selectOption`].
```

await page.Locator("select#colors").SelectOptionAsync(new[] { "blue", "green", "red" });
```

#### API reference

- [`method: Locator.selectOption`]
- [`method: Page.selectOption`]
- [`method: Frame.selectOption`]

## Mouse click

> Performs a simple human click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Method [`Locator.click`] performs a real click yada-yada.
```

```csharp
await page.Locator("button#submit").DispatchEventAsync("click");
```

> #### API reference

Reviewer: Replace "via simply dispatching a click event on the element" with "via simply dispatching a click event on the element with [`method: Locator.dispatchEvent`]"

- [`method: Page.dispatchEvent`]
- [`method: Frame.dispatchEvent`]

## Type characters

> 

Reviewer: "... real keyboard with [`method: Locator.type`]"

Note that you still need to specify the capital `A` in `Shift-A` to produce the capital character. `Shift-a` produces a lower-case one as if you had the `CapsLock` toggled.

> 

Reviewer: Replace "This method focuses the selected element and produces a single keystroke." with "The [`method: Locator.press`] method focuses the selected element and produces a single keystroke."

#### API reference

- [`method: Locator.press`]
- [`method: Page.press`]
- [`method: Frame.press`]
- [`method: Keyboard.press`]

## Upload files

> You can select input files for upload using the [`method: Page.setInputFiles`] method. It expects first argument to point to an [input element](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input) with the type `"file"`. Multiple files can be passed in the array. If some of the file paths are relative, they are resolved relative to the current working directory. Empty array clears the selected files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select input files for upload using the [`method: Locator.setInputFiles`] method. It expects first argument to point to an [input element](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input) with the type `"file"`. Multiple files can be passed in the array. If some of the file paths are relative, they are resolved relative to the current working directory. Empty array clears the selected files.
```

await fileChooser.SetFilesAsync("myfile.pdf");
```

#### API reference

- [FileChooser]
- [`method: Locator.setInputFiles`]
- [`method: Page.setInputFiles`]
- [`method: Frame.setInputFiles`]

## Focus element

> For the dynamic pages that handle focus events, you can focus the given element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the dynamic pages that handle focus events, you can focus the given element with [`method: Locator.focus`].
```
